another Israeli air strike on
residential areas in southern
Gaza at least three towers in alzahra
City reduced to
Rubble people are looking for what's
left of their
homes I have been living here peacefully
for a long time we are not sure why
Israelis targeted the building Israelis
ordered us to evacuate which was a false
alarm then on the second evacuation
order they struck that was my honly
house Israel says it's targeting places
that Hamas Fighters are using as
shelter we were ordered to evacuate the
towers but unfortunately the three
towers were reduced to Rubble residents
of these towers are just regular
peaceful citizens not affiliated with
any political
movement Israel had earlier told
Palestinians to evacuate the north of
Gaza and head to the South saying it was
safe from attack but his forces launched
more overnight attacks on hanun in the
South many children are among those
killed and
injured these ambulances are carrying s
toan unes Naser
hospital it's already overwhelmed by
passions and people seeking
shelter Medics are also searching for
survivors millions in the densely
populated Enclave are waiting for
humanitarian aid while trying to survive
Israel's
attacks we don't want to receive Aid we
want the destruction and the killing of
children in their sleep to stop we are
tired before the war around 100 trucks
delivered life-saving supplies to the
bestige sleep every day Israel has
agreed to allow Egypt to send 20 trucks
carrying Aid through the Raa crossing
the only formal exit point from Gaza to
Egypt but Palestinians say it's too
little and with constant attacks there's
little chance it will reach
them Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer